# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
"""
Created on Thu May 14 21:18:55 2020

@author: 92801
"""

  For the first SIR model, I seperate the whole population into three groups according to the
instruction: susceptible group within which people are assumed to be healthy but risk at being 
infected with the disease, infected group where people catch the disease but could be treated and 
recoverd group that consists of people recover from the infectious disease.
  The possibility of infection upon contact is defined as B whose value is 0.3 while that of recovery
is y that equals to 0.05. Specific arrays are created to keep tract of the change of the three groups
as time moves on.
  The time loop is set to be 1000 and at each point, the susceptible group could be infected while
infected population could recover. The data of people left in susceptible group, staying infected or
done recovery is recorded to the arrays at each point.
  Then we introduce matplotlib to plot our data and present the results in line chart.
  I work out the codes in this part by my own based on the hints given by the instructor which were
very informative and helped me a lot. And this is the part where we could apply what we learned about
python previously to address a problem.

  For the second Vaccination model, we are required to test the amount and change of infected group
in different situation where the percentage of people who acquire immunity with vaccine differs. I 
worked out the code based on the code got in the first task. However, I could figure out a better way
so I just create 10 loops to simulate different percentage of vaccination. It is very stupid and it 
takes some time to run the programme. I think I didn't do a good job at this part. My though is to
define a function as a general way to fulfill this purpose. I would continue trying.

  For the third mission, we need to simulation the spread of infection geographically. We assume that
patients can only pass on the infection to theie neighbours. Well, the hints in this part are excellent
So it is easy for me to make it work and get the heat map representing the spread situation. I learn
lots of new programming knowledge in this session, I learn how to create the array, how to locate one
specific spot you want, how to generate points with specific condition, how to do with the neighbour
and what to notice. I did learn a lot